hey you guys I'm Nick okay throwing
Knicks games damn who teach you guys how
you yes you can get icons on your
folders like we have right up here like
I have on all my folders on my desktop
so they look nice and good and all that
stuff because I am a perfectionist how
can you get that well it's very very
simple first off you're gonna need a
folder for us we're just gonna call that
folder star why because we have an image
right up here star and that's the second
thing you need you need an image to put
on your folder now this image has to be
square right so that means 128 by 128 or
512 by 512 the pixels have to be the
same it has to be square and it honestly
doesn't need to be bigger than like 512
by 512 or 528 by 528 somewhere in there
no bigger than 500 pixels because you're
gonna be scaling this down quite a bit
the next thing you need to go do is go
to a link in the description called
online ICO converter ICO converter com
it makes sense right once you're here
you want to choose the file on your
desktop or wherever it's at that you
want to download for me that's going to
be right here dude where's it at star
once you've got that Choose file then
you want to go into sizes and click all
of these 16 32 48 64 128 and 556 then
you want to go 32 bits 16 point 7 m
million colors all that stuff and then
click convert it will then download
favicon dot ICO right down here it
doesn't need to be called favicon dot
ICO it just is once you've got this
downloaded you can rename it to whatever
you want I'm going to again rename it as
star once you've got that done you just
right click on your folder click
properties and then in properties you
want to go over to customize in
customize you want to click change icon
and then click browse once you've
clicked browse simply go to desktop and
then scroll until you find what you're
looking for for me right here it is the
star icon double-click that click OK
click apply and then boom
as you can see our star folder is now an
icon on your desktop that you can click
looks nice and pretty and fits in right
in with the rest of my folders that have
pictures on them a lot of you guys have
been asking me how to do this for a very
long time so I thought it would go ahead
do it tutorial on it for you I hope it
helped you out very very simple very
very easy tutorial let me said if you do
have any questions let me know in the
comment section down below and do my
best to help you out nevertheless guys
I'm Knicks games give this video a
thumbs up help subscribe you haven't
already and I am al pace hey news videos
you guys probably to go check out let's
a blast from the past on Call of Duty 4
I went back put some comedy 4 on PC and
did something pretty interesting in that
video I tried to shoutcast a 60 man
free-for-all it's quite interesting go
check it out and on the right is classic
craft episode 23 which I build some
awesome houses as I expand the
ever-growing classic craft village
awesome episode of classic craft coming
tomorrow so be sure to subscribe you
haven't already to check that out I'll
start checking my daily violence the
bombs here screaming see what I'm doing
every single day I'm alive anyway guys
I'm Knicks games and I'm out pays